V15: Cache seeding docs (#6578)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/reference/cache/cache-seeding.md

﻿---
description: Information about cache seeding
---

# Cache Seeding

> From version 15 and onwards Umbraco uses a lazy loaded cache, this means content is loaded into the cache on an as-needed basis
> that is whenever a piece of content is shown on the website for the first time it first needs to be loaded into the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco uses a lazy loaded cache, meaning content is loaded into the cache on an as-needed basis. Whenever a piece of content is shown on the website for the first time it first needs to be loaded into the cache.
```

Loading the content into the cache causes a delay. This delay is dependent on the latency between your server and your database, but is generally minimal.

> However, for certain pages, for instance the front page, you may not want this delay to be there, the role of cache seeding is to solve this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For certain pages, like the front page, you may not want this delay to be there. The role of cache seeding is meant to solve this issue.
```
